gh-135645: Added `supports_isolated_interpreters` to `sys.implementation` (#135667)
python/cpython: Doc/library/sys.rst

   ``cache_tag`` is set to ``None``, it indicates that module caching should
   be disabled.

>    *supports_isolated_interpreters* is a boolean value, whether
>    this implementation supports :pep:`734`. It is always ``True`` for CPython.

Reviewer: Two corrections:

* "supports PEP 684"
* It is False for some platforms, such as WASI (see gh-135190)

I'd also recommend one extra note about the low-level module.

```suggestion
   *supports_isolated_interpreters* is a boolean value, whether
   this implementation supports multiple isolated interpreters.
   It is ``True`` for CPython on most platforms.  Platforms with
   this support implement the low-level :mod:`!_interpreters` module.
   
   .. seealso:
       :pep:`684`, :pep:`734`, and :mod:`concurrent.interpreters`.
```
